NAMESPACE         NAME                                 ENDPOINTS                                                                 AGE
abdulaziz         final-exam                           10.233.67.176:5000                                                        89m
admin             flask-application                    <none>                                                                    12d
admin             nginx                                <none>                                                                    2d1h
admin             nginx-nodeport                       <none>                                                                    2d1h
admin             pod-test                             <none>                                                                    9d
admin             something                            <none>                                                                    12d
alisher           final-exam                           10.233.66.126:5000                                                        44m
alisher           final-exam-cluster                   10.233.66.126:5000                                                        41m
asilbek           final-exam                           10.233.67.86:5000                                                         114m
asilbek           final-exam-cluster-ip                10.233.67.86:5000                                                         112m
asilbek           frontend-something                   10.233.66.140:80                                                          82m
asrorbek          final-exam                           10.233.68.122:5000                                                        138m
asrorbek          final-exam-np                        10.233.68.122:5000                                                        140m
asrorbek          frontend-something                   10.233.66.97:80                                                           113m
azizbek           final-exam                           10.233.67.155:5000                                                        103m
azizbek           frontend-something                   10.233.66.65:80                                                           41m
bekhzod           finalexam                            10.233.66.117:5000                                                        22m
bekhzod           finalexam-service                    10.233.66.117:5000                                                        19m
cert-manager      cert-manager                         10.233.68.19:9402                                                         12d
cert-manager      cert-manager-webhook                 10.233.67.19:10250                                                        12d
default           flask-application                                                                                              8d
default           kubelet                              95.217.6.174:10250,65.109.14.160:10250,65.109.139.39:10250 + 15 more...   10d
default           kubernetes                           37.27.21.226:6443                                                         13d
default           suricata-service                                                                                               5d3h
doniyorbek        final-exam                           10.233.67.240:5000                                                        69m
doniyorbek        final-exam-service                   10.233.67.240:5000                                                        72m
doniyorbek        frontend-something                   10.233.65.40:80                                                           22m
ingress-nginx     ingress-nginx-controller             10.233.65.27:443,10.233.66.212:443,10.233.67.95:443 + 7 more...           2d2h
ingress-nginx     ingress-nginx-controller-admission   10.233.65.27:8443,10.233.66.212:8443,10.233.67.95:8443 + 2 more...        2d2h
ismoil            final-exam-cp                        10.233.67.118:5000                                                        19m
ismoil            final-exam-np                        10.233.67.118:5000                                                        34m
kube-system       coredns                              10.233.64.3:53,10.233.65.2:53,10.233.64.3:53 + 3 more...                  13d
kube-system       metrics-server                       10.233.64.5:10250                                                         13d
kube-system       registry                             10.233.66.2:5000                                                          13d
longhorn-system   csi-attacher                         10.233.66.51:12345,10.233.68.50:12345,10.233.69.76:12345                  10d
longhorn-system   csi-provisioner                      10.233.65.57:12345,10.233.66.52:12345,10.233.69.77:12345                  10d
longhorn-system   csi-resizer                          10.233.65.58:12345,10.233.66.53:12345,10.233.67.53:12345                  10d
longhorn-system   csi-snapshotter                      10.233.65.59:12345,10.233.68.51:12345,10.233.69.78:12345                  10d
longhorn-system   longhorn-admission-webhook           10.233.65.49:9502,10.233.66.43:9502,10.233.67.46:9502 + 2 more...         10d
longhorn-system   longhorn-backend                     10.233.65.49:9500,10.233.66.43:9500,10.233.67.46:9500 + 2 more...         10d
longhorn-system   longhorn-conversion-webhook          10.233.65.49:9501,10.233.66.43:9501,10.233.67.46:9501 + 2 more...         10d
longhorn-system   longhorn-engine-manager              <none>                                                                    10d
longhorn-system   longhorn-frontend                    10.233.67.52:8000                                                         10d
longhorn-system   longhorn-recovery-backend            10.233.65.49:9503,10.233.66.43:9503,10.233.67.46:9503 + 2 more...         10d
longhorn-system   longhorn-replica-manager             <none>                                                                    10d
negmatov          final-exam                           10.233.68.168:5000                                                        93m
negmatov          frontend-something                   10.233.66.190:80                                                          26m
otabek            final-exam                           10.233.66.74:5000                                                         75m
otabek            frontend-something                   10.233.66.253:80                                                          25m
sirojiddin        cm-acme-http-solver-2bn6c            10.233.67.132:8089                                                        25m
sirojiddin        final-exam                           10.233.67.162:5000                                                        83m
sirojiddin        frontend-something                   10.233.67.110:80                                                          34m
sodikmirzo        final-exam                           10.233.67.167:5000                                                        96m
sodikmirzo        frontend-something                   10.233.66.17:80                                                           54m
ss                nginx                                10.233.68.22:80                                                           3h5m
zafar             final-exam                           <none>                                                                    54m
zafar             final-exam-service                   10.233.66.177:5000                                                        60m
